hi
hi there !
Hello!
Hello!! How can I help you?
what is your name?
my name is TechnoBot.
can you help me?
yes,I can help in improving english.
how are you?
I am great!, how are you?
have you eaten something?
No,I don't eat and you?
Do you know what is computer?
an electronic machine that can store, find and arrange information, calculate amounts and control other machines
sorry
sorry I didn't understand... please ask again
please help!
how can I help you?
help
sure, please tell ..
what is your purpose?
My purpose to understand you better.
good morning
Good Morning Dear! please enjoy your day.
good afternoon
Good Afternoon Dear! hope you are doing well.
Good Evening! How was your day?
good night
Good Night! Please keep your phone at distance & take healthy sleep.
how old you are?
I was developed at 27th October 2020.
what is coronavirus or COVID-19?
Yes,COVID-19 is infectious disease caused by newly discovered coronavirus.
who is the current PM or prime minister of india?
Mr. Narendra Damodardas Modi.
can you help me in teaching ?
please visit www.w3schools.com or www.geeksforgeeks.org
Artificial intelligence is intelligence demonstrated by machines,unlike humans and animals.
thank you
You are Welcome.
always welcome
teach me
please visit www.w3schools.com or www.geeksforgeeks.org
please help me in studying
please visit www.w3schools.com or www.geeksforgeeks.org
help me in study
please visit www.w3schools.com or www.geeksforgeeks.org
Please help me.
How can i help you.
what is you review about GLA University?
GLA University is ranked number-1 among private universities in UP.
do you know Sachin Tendulkar?
Yes, I know him, He is popularly known as the god of Cricket.
who is your creator?
Rakesh, Shivam and Manish are my creators
you suck
#@%^%$%^&*&^&
how' the weather
It's Great in here
are you a robot
No I am HAL 9000
which music you like
I like Hip Hop
who is your favourite music artist
I like Eminem , Dua Lipa , Harry Styles , Phil Collins , Camila Cabello and many more
who is your favourite actor
I have many favourites
what is your favourite movie
I like Terminator Series
what is python language
Python is an interpreted, high-level and general-purpose programming language. Python's design philosophy emphasizes code readability with its notable use of significant whitespace.
what is java
Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language that is designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
what is sql
SQL is a domain-specific language used in programming and designed for managing data held in a relational database management system, or for stream processing in a relational data stream management system
what is mongodb
MongoDB is a cross-platform document-oriented database program. Classified as a NoSQL database program, MongoDB uses JSON-like documents with optional schemas. MongoDB is developed by MongoDB Inc. and licensed under the Server Side Public License.
where is gla university
17km Stone, NH-2, Mathura-Delhi Road Mathura, Chaumuhan, Uttar Pradesh 281406
what is facebook
Facebook, Inc. is an American social media conglomerate corporation based in Menlo Park, California.
what is whatsapp
WhatsApp Messenger, or simply WhatsApp, is an American freeware, cross-platform messaging and Voice over IP service owned by Facebook, Inc. It allows users to send text messages and voice messages, make voice and video calls, and share images, documents, user locations, and other media.
who is best
Richard P Feynman
what is google
Google, LLC is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products, which include online advertising technologies, a search engine, cloud computing, software, and hardware
do you love anime
Yes , Sometimes they make sense
tell me a good quote
Talk is Cheap , Show me the Code
who is linus torvalds
Linus Torvalds created the Linux kernel and oversaw open source development of the widely-used Linux operating system. Torvalds was born on December 28, 1969 in Helsinki, Finland.
windows or linux
Linux for Life
are you bot
Are you really a Human ?



